ladies and gentlemen it is a t-shirt
bring me another video this is special
announcements that I've been wanting to
make now we're about two weeks by
overhead my house had some week and we
have to get that all figured out how to
evacuate about I'd say seventy-five
percent of my setup had to be that good
at my room parents like anybody is for
this last week I'm sorry about that guys
I was plenty for me i'm done i was
planning on making videos but that don't
like boys I you my advantage the sharp
affect us but anyways good commentary us
so what if s if you wanted to announce
is today now sponsored by x-gamer energy
hey offer energy drinks both in tubs and
pouches job render have three flavors
tropical orange black currant burst and
raspberry I'm most excited to try out
the blue raspberry I don't know that
just seems like a pretty cool flavor at
least him in except they do offer
bundles such as food tubs your full
capture Saric pouches you know a pouches
all three different flavors my bad
you're sick pouches with you know three
times of each flavor as you can say on
how to describe that but separate
company right now they're actually
hosting a giveaway on to footer guys to
make sure that you are look out for that
outlet to slow down into description
below free guys check it out above them
all you have to do is find the treat of
the giveaway retweet it and follow for a
chance to win through pouches each one
specific flavors and a shaker cup
provided by valuing 30k based company
however they do ship worldwide
so just because you are not in the UK
the communities can as long a great
product so go ahead and check them out
I'll leave their store link will sit
down in the description below for you
guys to order and use code Hades for ten
percent off of all purchases thank you
Ed's get the opportunity for us to work
together to bring both your customers
and my subscribers the best and all my
best expect another video about x-gamer
in a week or two of my review from the
products I'm gonna have I imagine that
they sent me three the advice I'll chili
flavor so like I'm gonna like the RAF
tourism Oh however they see it goes down
when I actually try watch out be trying
it on camera mixing it on camera and all
that so yeah I'm gonna bring out the
GoPro for that gas and I've been meaning
to bring out that girl / again after
that day in the life because I'd waving
the love was really just a test for the
girl / as you can say just cuz I wanted
you guys to see how good it is the whole
driving scenes or not oh oh my god this
kid the other ones kill them with that
guys this is sunny thank you all for
watching if you liked this video please
like comment favorite subscribe thank
you x camera for the opportunity
and expect another video from Maine next
week about them as well guys real quick
I am going to start to upload it to the
two dishes week see how that goes I
don't have set days for them just
because I don't know how busy old beater
in the school year you Avery alright
just expect at least two or three videos
a week from me so that you guys know
that I'm still here and that the channel
will be after for everyone to enjoy all
of the content provided by myself slow
guys go check out spider grips I've been
working with them for the path or animal
howling months group of people go check
them out thank you so thank you for
watching assisted and Haiti out